---
title: 3.8) Production
type: unit3
layout: docs
parent_section: project3
order: 8
toc: true
---
## Overview
TIME TO PRODUCE!

## To Production
Whew - we've covered a ton: adding objects, 360 images, audio, and more.

<div class="alert_green">
	<div style="text-align:center">
  		<strong>Produce</strong>
  	</div> 
	It’s time to finish a complete rough draft of your Storycast.  The most difficult part of any creative process is feedback and revision.  It’s important that you publish and test the project in your VR viewer often to understand how your story will feel.  Show it to anybody that is willing to give feedback.  You can always sell them on the VR factor, especially if that person has not tried VR before!  You can also share your Vizor project by publishing and linking in the [FB group](facebook.com/groups/techsummer).
</div>
<br>

<div class="alert_yellow">
	<div style="text-align:center">
  		<strong>360 Alternatives</strong>
  	</div> 
	Although it’s not part of a Storycast, you now have all the tools at your disposal to create a 360 story in Vizor.  Using your 360 camera, you could use the Storycast template to remove all 3D objects and create a story of only 360 images and audio.  This type of story lacks interaction, so we don’t focus on it too much here.  If you are interested in 360 storytelling, feel free to explore these types of projects on your own!  
</div>

By the end of Unit 3, you should have a complete Vizor Storycast full of 3D objects, audio, and (optional) 360 wallpaper.  In the next unit, we will learn more advanced concepts such as animation, lighting, and user interaction.  It’s critical that before you advance, you understand how management of objects in Vizor works.  If you’re still struggling, please reach out to the [group](facebook.com/groups/techsummer).  We’re here to help! 

## Assessment
- What’s the difference between Build and Program mode?
- How do you add an object to a specific scene?
- What does a texture wrap around?
- What is it called when real footage is combined with CG?
- What is a big downside to using 360 objects?
- What does FPS stand for?
- What Vizor patch does a linear paced story use?  