---
title: 2.6) Scratch that Idea
type: unit2
layout: docs
parent_section: unit2
order: 6
---

## Overview
Give your tech muscles a rest while we jump back to storytelling to create your script.

## Write A Story
Time to etch out the skeleton of your story.  Even though it’s fun to mess around with **3D objects** in Vizor, compelling storytelling is still the objective of a Storycast.  Never sacrifice story for technique or technology in any digital medium!  In this activity, you will translate your “what if” question into characters and a world with a complete three-scene structure.  

<div class="alert_green">
  <div style="text-align:center">
    <strong>Make a Draft!</strong>
  </div> 
  On scratch paper or a computer, write down in words what the narrator will say in anecdotes for each scene.  This is called a scratch script and will be your map to all of the Storycast action.  Roughly, each scene should be less than a paragraph.  Remember to build a critical moment of reflection for the character(s).  There should be a larger "so what" answered in order for the audience to care.
  <br><br>
  Read the entire scratch script out loud when it is complete.  Always read slower than you think you should, since the tendency is to rush.  Time yourself while reading it, which should overall take less than three minutes.
</div>

Before you continue, make sure you love the script.  Change lines that don’t work or that you stumble over while rehearsing.  Try out lines with different sounds, speeds, and voices.  We strongly recommend redrafting the script at least once.  Sometimes trying new approaches and rehearsing lines surprises you in unexpected ways!

## A Logline
<div class="alert_green">
  <div style="text-align:center">
    <strong>Social Activity</strong>
  </div> 
  Convert your script into a logline, which is a one-sentence summary of your story concept.  For example: A robot rebels against his scientist captor and blasts through space in search of home.  Your logline should be snappy and could be used in an elevator as a pitch.  Post your logline in the [Facebook group](fb.com/groups/techsummer) to share with the rest of the program! The deadline is 7/7 for the mid-program check.
</div>

## Assessment
You're all done with Unit 2! You went from story ideation to drafting and started visual programming. Make sure you can answer the following, then we'll see you in Unit 3.
- What does a narrator use to move forward a plot?
- Which one of these is not a storytelling tool: world, character, scale, anecdote, reflection?
- How many scenes make up a Storycast?
- What is a **nested patch**? Why do we use **nested patches**?
- What does the **Breadcrumb** do?
- What should you never sacrifice in any digital medium?